Fix AVX check for Whisper (#3405)
home-assistant/addons: whisper/CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 1.0.2

> - Added warning for CPUs not supporting AVX instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Convert error to warning for CPUs not supporting AVX instructions
```
